So let's go back into our stow dr and
I wanna do something, I'm gonna unstow,
I'm gonna unstow tmux.
Now, what do you think happens here?
>> It removes just that symlink,
just the last one.
>> All right, great, great guess I think
that's actually a pretty darn good guess.
That's what I would have guessed as well.
So let's re execute our
find command just to see.
All right, and now you'll notice,
we see nothing inside of config,
it must be a symlink.
Right, so let's Config was a folder.
It is now a symlink.
So it keeps on bringing back as far as it
can, the symlink as far into the tree as
it possibly can, so that was pretty cool
because now I only have one thing stowed,
so it doesn't need to
do the whole file tree.
It only needs to operate
on a very small amount.
And so let's do one more kind of cool
test to really prove this thing out.
Let's go to nvim, let's go into the config
and have a config -file, all right?
So config -file, obviously it's
just a file that's existing.
So let's quit, let's go back, so
our target directory still has.
It still just config
pointing to nvim config.
But now there's multiple
things inside of that folder.
Right, there's both the nvim
folder that has my And
it also has this config file that's
just like hanging around, right?
So let's go like this.
Let's go back into my stow folder,
and that's stow tmux.
Now remember tmux also
has a .config folder, but
it has different sub folders after that.
So when we go down here, and we'd give
it a little ls.la inside of our .config,
what you'll see is that
config file is now a symlink.
It was able to go okay, the symlink was
pointing to just .config in Neovim,
but Neovim has several
sub files within it.
We're gonna go through all of those and
symlink them all out.
So kept the structure of
the .config folder within nvim and
then updated it with tmux.
So this is really cool because it was
able to dynamically be able to take
care of that.
And of course, if I go back in here,
and unstow Neovim, what do we call it?
And then we go back out and
we do our little ls,
it'll just be back now to just
a config symlink pointing to the tmux.
And so, it's really able to kind of move
these things around pretty, it's really,
really slick.
So let's try this, I'm gonna go like
this .config, I'm gonna remove that,
that config, I don't know why I put in.
It's technically a symlink and
I need to have a directory in there.
Now what I'm gonna do is,
I'm actually gonna make .config.
And then not only am I gonna make .config,
I'm gonna put in config file, right?
I'm gonna put it in the config file,
right, there we go.
So inside my config,
I have a file called config.
So I do a find it's right here.
Right and so, let's go back to our
stow directory and let's stow tmux.
Now, what do you think
just happened this time?
Now before if you remember,
it converted the config folder into
a symlink, will it do it this time?
Well the reality of the situation
is that no it won't,
because that folder was already created.
It cannot operate on a folder that
has things in it that aren't just
purely symlinks.
So it's gonna go okay,
this is just part of the path.
That person wants this to be a real path.
I'm not gonna just start
deleting paths for you,
I will only remove symlink that makes
sense and so it does it right here.
So it's gonna take that .config,
it's gonna keep that around and
then just simply symlink
out to that tmux folder.
Awesome, it looks like it's
working really, really well but
there are still more things.
So let's go back in here,
let's open up this, I call the test file.
Let's rename test file to config,
so there we go up.
Actually in here that's the one we
want to rename to config, there we go.
So awesome, so now if we go in
here you'll notice that Neovim
has a .config file folder
with a config file.
And if I go back out here and
I do the exact same thing in here,
you'll notice that our config
also has the exact same setup.
So what happens now when
we try to stow Neovim?
Now what's gonna happen?
Well, when you try to run it,
it says whoa.
I can't do that because
there's a real file there,
I can't mess with things
that aren't real files.
And so
stow will try to be as smart as possible.
It will try to operate in such
a way that it doesn't screw you but
if you have conflicting tree structures,
it won't be able to operate.
And so here's kind of that example.
So that's how I do it.
So when I'm in my Ansible folder,
let's go here, let's go .files.
You'll notice that I literally
go to my .files repo,
cd to my .files repo and execute ubuntu.
So let me just open
that up really quickly,
.files then ubuntu, there we go.
I have a bunch of folders that I have and
I just simply execute install.
Install all, install does,
it just goes through everything that
is a part of my stowed folders and
just unstow them and resells them.
I know you can actually do it
both in one in a singular action.
I was just doing this
during my testing times.
But nonetheless, it goes through and
it just simply install these.
So my answer will script
calls my ubuntu script,
which sets all the stow folders
that it needs to be stowed.
And then I just stow them one at a time
from my .files repo, which means
that my entire home directory then gets
everything, so I can cut out my tmux.
You can see my tmux config is actually
a symlink okay, [INAUDIBLE].
There we go, you can see right away
that it's actually pointing into
my .files into my tmux
folder into my tmux.
So it actually goes and it knows how
to operate on my home directory.
So that means when I execute Ansible, it
makes sure all these things are there for
me and when I did it inside that
Docker container, you'd see the exact
same setup because I'm using that program
to make sure everything is up to date.
Now, this seems like a lot of work, right?
So I think a lot of you go,
well you know my script, it mostly works,
it's good enough, stow is better, right?
Stow is just in reality
better than your script.
It just knows how to do all these things
and it's really, really good at it.
And so, I like using stow because I
don't have to maintain the script,
but I think there's more to it.
Okay, I think there's more to it
that's gonna make it even better.
So hopefully you're feeling the tingle
right now, you're feeling the excitement.
You're very like, man,
I can't believe this is all available.
My setup of a system and
my maintenance of a system,
have now become significantly easier.
That's really what I'm hoping you
walk away with in section one,
is that all the worst parts about
development which is really system setup
going to a new company.
Which by the way, little pro tip,
you're at a company right now if you are,
make an Ansible install for your team and
share with your team boom promotion
millions of dollars yacht,
it'll be fantastic.
People just think you're
the smartest person in the universe.
Because you're now just saved
your team onboarding, right?
When it's time to onboard
hey Ansible pull,
it installs everything your systems ready.
Awesome, right?
It's gonna spread like wildfire.
Alright and by the way I opened up vim,
and you're probably thinking,
how's he flying so fast during vim?
Well, guess what?
I did a course on it like the second time
I mentioned it, come on.
It's ridiculous, it's like I've
planned this out to be such a shill.